This file is licensed to you under the license specified in the included file
`COPYING'. Look there for further details.


SPECIFIC TASKS:

jGPLconx -- See sourceforge. DLC

remove CConxPoint * and CConxLine * from geomobj.hh

Make the copy constructor and assignment operator `= 0' for the canvases?
Copying semantics are tricky there.

Use gengetopt strings with newlines for prettier --help output.

UML.

cxxconx: Explain how to use a different memory manager by overloading new and delete.

Include a GPL'ed strtod.c and use AM_FUNC_STRTOD

Do an `extern inline' and `static inline' check in addition to the regular
AC_C_INLINE.  Irix CC -fullwarn -ansi needs this, maybe?

DLC questionable

UI: Add metrics that show the distance between a point and another point or a
line.

Add perpendiculars.

Triangles

Grep for DLC in all files; read the notes.

Better README file.

Texinfo documentation.
Use the FSF's FDL.

        Bug: ./tconx; Get Foci, then do a circle.  Oops, the foci didn't
             change for all models!

   Axes and a grid.

   Replace glClear with a rectangle draw.

   Can we use functions that have the same zeroes as the actual conxp_circle,
   conxk_ellipse, etc.?  These functions could be quicker to execute.  Does
   the behavior of the approximate zeroes matter?

   Even for a circle of radius 5.1, you can see the octagonization
   that is a result of non-adaptive tstep and/or the conversion
   between the poincare uhp and the disks.  Fix this.

   Points and lines with names.

   Good command-line (readline'd) interface.

   Slow, reliable conics don't work in tconx!!!

   fork() for glutconx
   Make configure.in more general.

   bounds checking on disp and data arrays.

   mouse function doesn't propogate to all models.

   conx_disp in conx_menufunc??? That seems redundant.

   compile-and-execute display lists (which require updating when the
   GETXXYY command is executed, anytime else???)!!! efficient redraws!

   GUI idea -- slider bar and x10 x.1 buttons for the conic distance.,
   text labels, tconx initial window positioning.

On the project web page, link to Togl and SpecTcl 1.1 and NonEuclid and
NotKnot and other stuff from the FTP space...

DLC I am dchandler@users.sourceforge.net, not dchandler@gplconx.sourceforge.net.

web page, web page, web page.

From the web page, link to the mailing lists.

source control the web page.
